>> Sean Larkin: So what we wanna do is
we want a way to conditionally load
an extra JavaScript module that's going
to kind of merge in with our base set
of configuration items, right?
And so the best way that
I like to do it is I actually
like to just declare a variable.
So what I want you to do, out of the lines
that are right here, is just pull
in this line right here, modeConfig.
So modeConfig, we'll jump into our main
configuration, hide the bar, there we go.
So we'll say const modeConfig equals
a function that takes an argument.
And it returns the require that apparently
returns a function that you can call,
right?
So let's break down what this is doing.
So remember how I said
CommonJS can be abused, right?
You can abuse CommonJS because
require is just a function.
And so in this case, what we're doing
here is we are just calling require.
And based on what we pass
into this argument here,
it's either gonna go look for
webpack.production or
webpack.development, right?
So we're just leveraging the Node or
the env.mode, we're passing it in.
And so let's jump back over.
>> Sean Larkin: So
if we also look here, I've kind of
added some interesting defaults to
our arguments, and
this is just kind like a safety net.
I think this allows us to be able to,
let's say if somebody just jumped in for
the first time, and
wasn't sure what they were doing.
And just wanted to run and
have an experience, by adding.
So I'll kind of explain
syntactically what it's doing.
So what we're doing is
we're actually providing a,
let's see, where is it, equals mode.
[SOUND] There we go.
So this syntax right here
is just the one argument.
But with ES6,
you can provide defaults, right?
So if an object isn't even passed in,
we're gonna default it to,
so env would essentially
be mode in presets with
like an empty array.
>> Sean Larkin: And
so that way if somebody just went and run,
like for example, just went yarn webpack
or ran webpack, it would still work and
just load the basic configuration.
So it's just kind of a fallback and
a nice pattern to have.
So now we're kinda building
up a little bit into this.
We're able to have the mode, but
how are we going to compose this object?
We have this common configuration, but
we need a way to merge in
other configurations, right?
And in a way that's safe,
because this config has arrays, and
so just object assign is not gonna
be really valuable to you, right?
And it's not gonna respect different
things like array orders or
other sorts of properties
in your webpack config.
So one of our maintainers actually wrote a
really great library called webpack-merge,
has anybody used it here, webpack-merge?
I love it, cuz it's essentially just
object assign for webpack-configs.
And so you can add it just by saying,
npm install webpack-merge -d or
whatever, if you wanna add the d flag,
that's fine.
Or for me, yarn add webpack-merge.
>> Sean Larkin: Woah,
it got angry.
>> Sean Larkin: I'm still hiding in
the bin folder, that was weird,
yarn add webpack-merge.
>> Sean Larkin: So
why don't we go ahead and
pull in that module?
Now, there we go.
>> Sean Larkin: So I'd like to say
something like const webpackMerge
= require and then webpack-merge.
And so there are many other options,
but by default it's really
just doing object assign.
So if you've used object assign before,
it's the exact same behavior.
You can pass a simple default, and
then you can add whatever other thing you
want to compose in the same
manner on top of it.
And so you can kinda see here,
what I've done is, I return webpackMerge,
and our base configuration
is just the first argument.
And then you'll see modeConfig,
which returns either a production or
development configuration,
is added on second.
So I'll just add this
code in together here.
So webpackMerge, so
now we're just returning a function
that will return our composed
configuration, right?
And the second argument to
it will be our modeConfig.
Now I try to chunk this out so
it's a little easier to read.
I know prettier doesn't always make it
the best, but we can totally try it here.
So modeConfig.
>> Sean Larkin: And
we can just pass in,
>> Sean Larkin: Mode presets,
that's kind of just passing
the env to the other configuration.
>> Sean Larkin: I kind of like
making available,
I know that's just set mode,
let's just set mode I think that's fine.
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
so why don't we just try running like,
will our code run?
>> Sean Larkin: I'll give you
just a second.
>> Sean Larkin: Now where did I break
it?
>> Sean Larkin: Wait,
/build-utils/webpack, did
I spell it wrong?
build-utils/, I know why,
oops.
>> Sean Larkin: There
we go.
>> Sean Larkin: Here we
go.
>> Sean Larkin: Did anybody have
any troubles building?
We're adding a little bit more complexity,
and so
this may, I wanna take time on it,
this is super important.
This is something where you could adopt a
pattern like this, and you could reuse it
across any work environment that you want,
cuz it's incredible generic.
But I think having these
patterns make it really easy to
kind of isolate configuration details.
Especially when we get into
kind of my pattern of presets.
>> Sean Larkin: Looks like when I ran here
we did have a successful build.
And really nothing's changed, right,
because we haven't added anything into
those development and production configs.
>> Speaker 2: And
right now we can trust that behind the
scenes the merge is happening, even though
we're not seeing the result of that yet.
>> Sean Larkin: Yeah, we can try it.
Technically we could say our
mode is something that we.
Well, yeah, absolutely, so
why don't we change the name of
the bundle in our production
mode to,
>> Sean Larkin: We
could jump into webpack.production,
we could say output, and
say filename, and let's,
>> Sean Larkin: We have
special string interpolate.
We can use these string helpers that
webpack provides out of the box.
And this allows us to have hashing for
JavaScript modules when they're created.
So technically in theory,
we can just add this tiny partial
that is this partial config here.
So output, filename, etc
>> Speaker 2: Just adding the array chunk,
or I guess it's not an array,
but whatever, right?
It's chunk, it patches it, that's it?
>> Sean Larkin: Yep,
that's how you get hashing
support with webpack.
Now there is like a bunch of
different string helpers.
I think one of name, one is chuckhash.
Or no, I'm sorry, it's not chunk,
it's hash, I apologize.
Do I have chunkhash there originally?
I meant to say chunckhash.
And I can,
if you remind me later on day two,
I can show you where all the options are.
You can actually provide emojis.
>> Speaker 2: Sounds useful.
>> Sean Larkin: Yeah, well,
some people, they wanna have that feature.
So if I run yarn prod again.
>> Sean Larkin: Let's see,
what do we get now?
Hey.
>> Sean Larkin: So
there you go, that's in a separate file.
You look in your dist folder,
there's that.
What's awesome is that hey guess what?
This is super about html-webpack-plugin,
it just reads the hash and
put it in for you.
If hash has changed think of how
tedious that would be to have to
write a script that does this for you.